TEMPLATE_README.md, before:

# Title

**Authors**: Student1, Student2

## Overview

A one-paragraph overview of the project, including the business problem, data, methods, results and recommendations.

## Business Problem

Summary of the business problem you are trying to solve, and the data questions that you plan to answer in order to solve them.

***
Questions to consider:
* What are the business's pain points related to this project?
* How did you pick the data analysis question(s) that you did?
* Why are these questions important from a business perspective?
***

## Data

Describe the data being used for this project.

***
Questions to consider:
* Where did the data come from, and how do they relate to the data analysis questions?
* What do the data represent? Who is in the sample and what variables are included?
* What is the target variable?
* What are the properties of the variables you intend to use?
***

## Methods

Describe the process for analyzing or modeling the data. For Phase 1, this will be descriptive analysis.

***
Questions to consider:
* How did you prepare, analyze or model the data?
* Why is this approach appropriate given the data and the business problem?
***

## Results

Present your key results. For Phase 1, this will be findings from your descriptive analysis.

***
Questions to consider:
* How do you interpret the results?
* How confident are you that your results would generalize beyond the data you have?
***

Here is an example of how to embed images from your sub-folder:

### Visual 1
![graph1](./images/viz1.png)

## Conclusions

Provide your conclusions about the work you've done, including any limitations or next steps.

***
Questions to consider:
* What would you recommend the business do as a result of this work?
* What are some reasons why your analysis might not fully solve the business problem?
* What else could you do in the future to improve this project?
***

## For More Information

Please review our full analysis in [our Jupyter Notebook](./dsc-phase1-project-template.ipynb) or our [presentation](./DS_Project_Presentation.pdf).

For any additional questions, please contact **name & email, name & email**

## Repository Structure

Describe the structure of your repository and its contents, for example:

```
├── README.md                           <- The top-level README for reviewers of this project
├── dsc-phase1-project-template.ipynb   <- Narrative documentation of analysis in Jupyter notebook
├── DS_Project_Presentation.pdf         <- PDF version of project presentation
├── data                                <- Both sourced externally and generated from code
└── images                              <- Both sourced externally and generated from code
```

Commit message:

worked on holly-notebook.ipynb to generate graphs based on netflix data, saved a new csv file of the netflix all-weeks-global file with only films (no TV), started editing draft README, renamed zippedData to Data, added Images folder and moved generated graphs of netflix top 20 films and genres based on hours watched into it

TEMPLATE_README.md, after:

# Title

**Authors**: Juan Acosta, Holly Gultiano, and Jon McCaffrey

## Overview

Our project presents an overview of the current film market. Using exploratory and expository data analysis techniques in Python, our 

## Business Problem

Microsoft is starting a movie studio (in this hypothetical example). Our aim is to give actionable direction for them to go with this project, based on real world data from the film industry, such as viewer statitics and revenue. 

***
Questions to consider:
* What are the business's pain points related to this project?
* How did you pick the data analysis question(s) that you did?
* Why are these questions important from a business perspective?
***

## Data

Our sources of data included IMDB, Rotten Tomatoes, Box Office Mojo, TheNumbers.com, The Movie Database, and Netflix

***
Questions to consider:
* Where did the data come from, and how do they relate to the data analysis questions?
* What do the data represent? Who is in the sample and what variables are included?
* What is the target variable?
* What are the properties of the variables you intend to use?
***

## Methods

Describe the process for analyzing or modeling the data. For Phase 1, this will be descriptive analysis.

***
Questions to consider:
* How did you prepare, analyze or model the data?
* Why is this approach appropriate given the data and the business problem?
***

## Results

Present your key results. For Phase 1, this will be findings from your descriptive analysis.

***
Questions to consider:
* How do you interpret the results?
* How confident are you that your results would generalize beyond the data you have?
***


### Visual 1
![graph1](./images/<FILE>)

## Conclusions

Provide your conclusions about the work you've done, including any limitations or next steps.

***
Questions to consider:
* What would you recommend the business do as a result of this work?
* What are some reasons why your analysis might not fully solve the business problem?
* What else could you do in the future to improve this project?
***

## For More Information

Please review our full analysis in [our Jupyter Notebook](./<MAIN>.ipynb) or our [presentation](./DS_Project_Presentation.pdf).

For any additional questions, please contact **Juan Acosta email@email, Holly Gultiano akoholographics@gmail.com, Jon McCaffrey email@email**

## Repository Structure

Describe the structure of your repository and its contents, for example:

```
├── README.md                           <- The top-level README for reviewers of this project
├── <MAIN>.ipynb   <- Main notebook for project code
├── DS_Project_Presentation.pdf         <- PDF of slides for our presentation
├── Data                                <- Both sourced externally and generated from code
├── Notes				<- Working notebooks for each member of the authors of this project
└── images                              <- images used and generated in the project
```
